Describe when allowing force merge on failing tests (#131)
OpenTermsArchive/docs: content/guidelines/reviewing.en.md

4. If the snapshot is the proper one, you can examine the generated version to check the accuracy of content selection.

> **Note that if there is at least 1 environment in which the tests run well, we allow to force the merge.** For example, CI tests may fail because of a 403 error but fetch localy the document without errors. We do this because :

Reviewer: There are no spaces before colons and semicolons in English 🙂 
```suggestion
**Note that if there is at least 1 environment in which the tests run well, we allow to force the merge.** For example, tests may fail in CI because of a 403 Access Denied error, but succeed when run on a development machine. We do this because:
```
